Request to add CSP info. (#100265)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cost-management-billing/reservations/synapse-analytics-pre-purchase-plan.md

## Purchase Synapse commit units

You buy Synapse plans in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com). To buy a Pre-Purchase Plan, you must have the owner role for at least one enterprise or Microsoft Customer Agreement or an individual subscription with pay-as-you-go rates subscription, or the required role for CSP subscriptions.

- You must be in an Owner role for at least one Enterprise Agreement (offer numbers: MS-AZR-0017P or MS-AZR-0148P) or Microsoft Customer Agreement or an individual subscription with pay-as-you-go rates (offer numbers: MS-AZR-0003P or MS-AZR-0023P).
- For Enterprise Agreement (EA) subscriptions, the **Add Reserved Instances** option must be enabled in the [EA portal](https://ea.azure.com/). Or, if that setting is disabled, you must be an EA Admin of the subscription.

> - For CSP subscriptions, follow the steps in https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/partner-center/azure-ri-server-subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For CSP subscriptions, follow the steps in [Acquire, provision, and manage Azure reserved VM instances (RI) + server subscriptions for customers](/partner-center/azure-ri-server-subscriptions).
```
fixing link validation (and MS style issues)
